Simpler example for Helm (#4120)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: examples/helm-deployment/README.md

Let's walk through the skaffold yaml:

> We'll be building an image called `skaffold-helm`, and it's a dockerfile, so we'll add it to the artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're building an image called `skaffold-helm` using a dockerfile, so we add the image to the artifacts and use the default `docker` builder.
```

  helm:
    releases:
    - name: skaffold-helm
      chartPath: charts

>       # namespace: skaffold

Reviewer: Is it worth a comment:
```
# without a `namespace`, the chart will be installed in the default namespace
```
?
